README.md, before:

![conveyor logo](./docs/img/conveyor-logo.png)

## Easy way to get database type stuff into Elasticsearch

## Getting started

We have multiple approaches to getting conveyor running, the majority using `Docker`.   Unless you _really_ like doing things the hard way, or you have special hatred for `Docker`, we strongly recommend using one of the `Docker` installs to get yourself running.

### Prerequists for all Docker installs

All of our Docker based installs require that you have:

* Docker [Installed](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/) (Community Edition, if using recent versions)
* `docker-compose` [installed](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/) (should be pre-installed for Docker on Mac or Windows)

| Warning  /  Be aware  /  Notice  /  Look out  / etc... |
|--------------------------------------------------------|
| We run _a lot_ of stuff in docker.   On your system the default "max ram" for `Docker` may be too low.   Please make sure `Docker` has a ram max of at-least 4 gig before using Conveyor (known issue on Mac Docker, and expected on Windows as well) <br> <br> If you a message like `conveyor_kibana_1 exited with code 137` then it means you need to give `Docker` more ram|

### Docker all-in-one (trial mode)
This install is the simplest (you just type `docker-compose up`) but it completely builds its own ES instance, and doesn't do anything to protect your data - so this install is only recommended for trying out Conveyor, or for one-off use.

If you want to work with data long term, please skip to the next install method

```
% cd conveyor
% sudo docker-compose up
[... LOTS building output ...]
Attaching to conveyor_elasticsearch_1, conveyor_node-red_1, conveyor_api_1, conveyor_kibana_1
[... Lots of log output ...]
kibana_1         | {"type":"log","@timestamp":"2017-10-09T21:10:48Z","tags":["status","plugin:elasticsearch@5.4.0","info"],"pid":1,"state":"green","message":"Status changed from yellow to green - Kibana index ready"
```

Once Kibana is green, your ready to go! 
Jump to http://localhost:5601 and enjoy Conveyor

#### Shutting down
Either ctrl-c in window you started Conveyor, or goto the Conveyor directory in another window and type ```docker-compose down``` (***Warning!*** this will delete all imported data)

### Docker Conveyor/kibana connected to your ES

More to come

### Docker ConveyorEngine (only), plugin to your Kibana, and your ES

More to come

### Install everything from scrach (not recommended)

More to come

## License
```
Copyright 2017 Samtec.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```

Commit message:

README and sql-server-channel fixes/testing

README.md, after:

![conveyor logo](./docs/img/conveyor-logo.png)

## Easy way to get database type stuff into Elasticsearch

## Getting started

We have multiple approaches to getting conveyor running, the majority using `Docker`.   Unless you _really_ like doing things the hard way, or you have special hatred for `Docker`, we strongly recommend using one of the `Docker` installs to get yourself running.

### Prerequists for all Docker installs

All of our Docker based installs require that you have:

* Docker [Installed](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/) (Community Edition, if using recent versions)
* `docker-compose` [installed](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/) (should be pre-installed for Docker on Mac or Windows)

| Warning  /  Be aware  /  Notice  /  Look out  / etc... |
|--------------------------------------------------------|
| We run _a lot_ of stuff in docker.   On your system the default "max ram" for `Docker` may be too low.   Please make sure `Docker` has a ram max of at-least 4 gig before using Conveyor (known issue on Mac Docker, and expected on Windows as well) <br> <br> If you a message like `conveyor_kibana_1 exited with code 137` then it means you need to give `Docker` more ram|

### Docker all-in-one (trial mode)
This install is the simplest (you just type `docker-compose up`) but it completely builds its own ES instance, and doesn't do anything to protect your data - so this install is only recommended for trying out Conveyor, or for one-off use.

If you want to work with data long term, please skip to the next install method

```
% cd conveyor
% sudo docker-compose up
[... LOTS building output ...]
Attaching to conveyor_elasticsearch_1, conveyor_node-red_1, conveyor_api_1, conveyor_kibana_1
[... Lots of log output ...]
kibana_1         | {"type":"log","@timestamp":"2017-10-09T21:10:48Z","tags":["status","plugin:elasticsearch@5.4.0","info"],"pid":1,"state":"green","message":"Status changed from yellow to green - Kibana index ready"
```

Once Kibana is green, your ready to go! 
Jump to http://localhost:5601 and enjoy Conveyor

#### Shutting down
Either ctrl-c in window you started Conveyor, or goto the Conveyor directory in another window and type ```docker-compose down```

*Note* The core database is presisted in the directory `helpers-stuff/es-data`, and the channel import logic is persisted in `helpers-stuff/node-red` so your data and configuration will be safe if you want to shutdown and restart later.   If you want to erase/reset then everything in both of those directories should be removed -- or you can just delete the whole conveyer tree and make a new clone

### Docker Conveyor/kibana connected to your ES

More to come

### Docker ConveyorEngine (only), plugin to your Kibana, and your ES

More to come

### Install everything from scrach (not recommended)

More to come

## License
```
Copyright 2017 Samtec.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```
